[Music]
if you hear this phrase hang up
immediately phone scams have been around
for quite some time but fraudsters keep
coming up with increasingly
sophisticated methods of deception pay
attention to a relatively new type of
phone scam and watch this video very
carefully how the scam works if you
answer the phone and a stranger asks can
you hear me
hang up immediately the call is from a
scammer who is after a recording of your
voice more precisely a recording of you
saying yes then your voice sample can be
used for making purchases or other
financial transactions under your name
in some cases saying yes represents
signing a verbal contract something that
equals clicking I agree or I accept
during online shopping these so called
voice signatures are legitimately used
by many companies when it comes to
asking a client to confirm account
changes or money transfers
what precautions should you take
one don't answer phone calls from
unknown numbers picking up the phone
let's criminals know that your number is
a valid one and can be used in
fraudulent activity later on your number
might be resold to other scammers too if
you decide to answer a call from a
stranger try to remain cautious and
skeptical especially when being asked
questions that entail a reply of yes
these questions might include can you
hear me is it a convenient time for you
to talk right now are you the homeowner
and are there similar ones a reasonable
response to any of those questions
should be who are you and why are you
calling me
number three configure your phone to
switch calls from unknown numbers to
voicemail automatically you should know
that scammers never leave voice messages
number four do not give your personal
information to strangers even if they
claim to be employees of a company you
know do you think it's impolite to hang
up on a stranger well think again or you
could turn the tables and ask them a
question hey I'm giving away smallpox
this week how much would you like don't
forget to share the video with your
family and friends it can help them save
their money hit the like button below
the video and click subscribe to stay on
the bright side of life
[Music]